fix(gen): fix broken links (#6409)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2023/2023-01-19-transactional-email-changed-tem.mdx

product: transactional-email
---

> - The new Transactional Email sending domain `scw-tem.cloud` is now available. If you are a new client, you can use this sending domain by default. If you were using the previous sending domain, you can [configure a new SPF record](/transactional-email/how-to/configure-bimi/) with `scw-tem.cloud` and delete the old SPF record.

Author: ```suggestion
- The new Transactional Email sending domain `scw-tem.cloud` is now available. If you are a new client, you can use this sending domain by default. If you were using the previous sending domain, you can [configure a new SPF record](/transactional-email/how-to/authenticate-domain/#how-to-configure-spf-records) with `scw-tem.cloud` and delete the old SPF record.
```
